this is a video we've been watching a
lot in the office here it's a YouTube
video of a three year old girl named
Cody who is so in love with teenage pop
star Justin Bieber just listening to his
music brings her to tears Cody why are
you so sad honey because why I can't
hear you
you're crying because you love Justin
Bieber you ran in your room and cried
because you love him yeah does that make
you sad yeah cuz you don't get to see
him all day yeah why do you love Justin
Bieber because you know he loves you
back yeah honey we don't have to cry
because we love Justin Bieber yeah it's
a good point we sometimes do have to cry
sure doesn't the video goes on for about
five minutes
well here's how here's how it comes to
an adorable end you don't want me to let
me keep recording you yeah crying about
Justin Bieber
[Music]
[Applause]
no Cody Cody and her family are
backstage right now we flew them out
here that's Cody she's with her sisters
and her mom and dad and what the kids
don't know is is that Justin Bieber's
backstage too I'm gonna go back I'm
gonna go back here pretend I'm just
saying hi they think they're here to
talk about the video to be on the show
and then I'll bring Justin in there and
then who knows one of their heads will
explode or whatever all right
Guillermo you keep everyone entertained
while I'm gone okay okay all right very
good
[Applause]
hello there how you guys doing hello how
are you
I'm Jimmy nice to meet you are you doing
I saw you on the video how you guys
doing you guys having fun yeah excuse me
who could that be
hello hello yeah she's here you want you
want to speak to Cody I'll hold on hold
on
it's for you
[Music]
[Applause]
why were you so upset I don't know let
me see Robbie you do you've got Bieber
fever as well you have don't you by the
way your life's not gonna get any better
than this it right now this is it no no
this is the top everything else is you
know it's bumpy trust me on this one
wait a minute we're gonna have to decide
who he's gonna marry though cuz you
can't all marry Justin right yeah well
so who should marry him alright well
we're gonna take a break Justin Bieber
everybody and little Cody her wish came
true here